PROGRAMMING
-----------

This file documents a few points for those who wish to continue
development of the package.


You should download the latest version of the Coolwidget library
before continuing, and then port the sources in ./main/
The library comes with the Cooledit package
    sunsite.unc.edu /pub/Linux/apps/editors/X/cooledit-?.?.?.tar.gz
The changes to the library from this older version mostly envolve
changes to the function names.


The program is incomplete in the following areas:

1 Button layout. (Now fixed).
2 The program has two buttons to fit circles in two different ways.
    The first way is to triangulate corresponding points.
    The resulting 3D points will form a 2D circle orientated in some
    way in 3D. A plane, and then a 2D circle is fitted to those points.
    The second way is to project the circle into both views.
    The error with the points to the resulting ellipses can be found
    and optimised. With the latter method, the points do not have to
    correspond -- there can even be more points in the one image than
    the other. This method requires a good initial estimate to converge.
    Finding this estimate HAS NOT BEEN CODED. The algorithm does work
    perfectly with such an initial estimate though.
3 The program segfaults when you kill a view (This should now be fixed).
4 The various different output routines do not output all the geometric data
    for the different objects into the editor. Only some objects are completed.
    These output routines are easy to write, though.
5 The 3dtext.c file converts editor text into 3D object rendering.
    The documentation in the beginning of the file may not be entirely
    accurate, but is mostly applicable.
6 Ellipse fitting has not been tested. and works analogous to the first
    circle fitting method of 2 above.
7 No convertion is performed on AECI's calibration file format. If you
    have a file in the North-East-Up/Down format, you will have to hand
    edit it into the format described in the file USAGE.


Note that the C indenting style is K&R. It is very standard. Don't
change it, 'cos its the best. You can use 8 tabs though, if you want (like
the Linux kernel source.)

More! [Terry Duell]

1.	Take care when opening the file browser to open a data file in the data window.
	If the browser opens beneath any other window, you can't get to it to select a file,
	so move other windows out of the way first.
	




